An Employee Workflow System application will begin with a login page. It will have four dashboards: Manager, HR, Admin, and Employee dashboards. Unique IDs and passwords will be saved in the database for all these entities.
When a manager enters their ID and the password matches the saved ID and password in the database, the Manager dashboard page will open. The manager will have access to create, update, and assign tasks to employees. The manager will assign a unique ID to an employee while filling in the details in the "Add Employee" section. The manager will send requests to the admin for adding and updating employee details. 
When an HR enters their ID and the password matches the saved information in the database, the HR dashboard will open. HR will have access to update and delete existing employee details. HR will send requests to the admin for updating and deleting employee records. 
When an admin enters their ID and the password matches the saved information in the database, the Admin dashboard will open. The admin will have the authority to allow or deny requests received from managers and HR for creating, updating, and deleting employees. The admin can view whether the request is for creating, updating, or deleting the employee in the "Request For" column. If the admin clicks on "allow," the changes will be reflected in the main table, and if admin click on "deny," the request will be rejected. 
When an employee enters ID and the password matches the saved information in the database, the Employee dashboard will open. In that dashboard, there will be one field to enter the Employee ID. The employee needs to enter the employee ID given by the manager. If the entered ID is correct, the employee will be redirected to the task section where they can see task-related information assigned by the manager.
